it's all the ingredients of a cracker
really nine months 182 marches 330 tries
there can be only one winner and it is
time for glory and the Mike knows Lou
hunter Serac's trying to force the
Ospreys backwards Phillips for Halloween
Jones to LEDs per second rolls combining
Hines and O'Kelly Annette a big gap in
midfield so leave all the bars and so
many balls cause I think Mike knows
League try of the season at game from
the midfield quick from Andrew Bishop
when it was owned all day for Tony bow
and the Irish Player of the Year the
world square of the year scores the
first try but the grand final yawn what
at Ryan was there to be ball and walk
off the ball is super Bishop a great
light from him he cut inside the weak
inside shoulder of a one of the
Leicester defenders you just see the
line here from Bishop great offload from
bigger Gordon Darcy had just shifted
over a little bit too much was caught on
the angular people never stays out on
his wing he's always offered an option
and again that's great awareness from
bigger but Tommy Bowl it's no
coincidence that he's in the right place
at the right time all the time and
that's why he gets the reward
no mistake this time from John finger
Redden's kick
Williams
bigger annoying
Tommy boat bigger again going over the
top of these and it they were hooked
back inside Sally Bernards great place
great piss for the corner Miley Byrne
superb score and that is what the
Ospreys can do given half a chance a
risky pass put a work toy and once
hooked got back inside Sally bird watch
tremendous Pierce from the fullback but
that is the Ospreys in a nutshell they
do take risks to them the pass here from
bigger could have been caught up by
Nativa but look at the pace here a burn
he just dresses on the accelerator goes
past Jimmy he slipped under no question
he was it was nowhere near the touch
line but watch hook here awareness great
off Lord great line from Lee burn and
that is great pays for a big man to
tries to nil certainly the Ospreys with
a halftime approaching they'll be very
happy with his opening 35 minutes
and so they go from s'more na Saxton
piss from Hogan helium support good from
the replacement second-row O'Driscoll
finds a little gun
Phillips was across quickly
Corgan
Jericho instead well
T&T going through no penalty Healy on
the outside of alum wind Jones who stuck
to us
Darcy knows they're going to come back
the other way again at star C finding
the caps the support needs to be quicker
he's a
Saxon not too many options forged
support not arriving Osprey he's coming
through Ospreys ball that could be the
defining moments
well it's winner of a game some great
displays on the lips trousseau Malcolm
or Kelly in his last game Rob Kathie
superb at the Ospreys the battery have
been excellent as have their back row
but for me outstanding in defense got a
crucial joy in the second half there's
Mike mana to match the Ospreys Lieber
and the Ospreys on inaugural winners of
the muggers may get grand final they are
the champions not to the extended season
they've come to Dublin where they have
not won for five years to the RDS when
you've never won they have outscored the
Ospreys fine to fight Lancer rather by
two tries to nail store in the Wagner's
League grand final against ur 12 the
Osprey 17